okay this is a guide for how to do some
stealth gameplay uh they call it
predator and the challenges so I'll be
referring to it as predator challenges
or predator gameplay what happened this
as much as beating people up is part of
Batman game stealth is a huge part of it
and these are the last two parts that
are kind of hard as far as getting in
there stealth wise especially if you're
playing on the harder difficulties and
just can't take the hits so what you
want to do is get up on top of something
as fast as you can up on these gargoyles
you can get a nice view of what's going
on and see who's not facing you you kind
of get the movement patterns of
everybody so you can start deciding who
you're gonna pick off you saw at the
beginning I picked off the guy who was
just not facing me right away if you
don't want to wait with opportunity
comes you want to make sure you hop on
top of it as soon as possible because
people are going to be moving around and
that opportunity might go away pretty
quickly so here I'm sneaking up on this
guy and I'm scared the guy on top might
look down so I wait and go ahead and
just take out this sniper whenever the
other guys not looking so the thing is
to remember there's a lot of people at
first and if you can just pick off one
guy at a time slowly but surely the
number will dwindle down to where it's
very manageable you don't have to worry
about other people seeing you or what
have you
so right here I'm trying to take out
this guy up top because everyone else is
down at the bottom the good thing about
taking out people early is you can get
the other guys to look for them and
while they're there looking for them
they'll turn around you can sneak up
behind them so here I was hoping for
this guy to walk under this gargoyle so
I could get an inverted takedown but he
stopped and it really mess up my plans
so instead of rushing it I just go ahead
and wait because the guy in the middle
is looking around and I don't wanted to
see me so again I'm just surveying
around to see what's going on there's
these two are too close I can't really
take them down without alerting the
other one so I'm going to move
it's a new thing they added to Batman
for this game was they have infrared
scanners that they can see your heat and
you want to make sure you're not on a
gargoyle that he's looking at because
they'll see you and they'll kill you
right away so I'm starting to see those
two guys are separated down there and
these two are coming up close on each
other I can't do a drop attack because
it'll make too much noise and then alert
them since this guy stopped and busy I
get a nice opportunity for a double
takedown double takedowns are amazing if
you can get them you're taking out two
guys at the same time and you really
don't have to worry about alerting too
many people it's I don't think two more
or too many more people than two will be
grouped up together so I've got it
Windell down to the last two guys I
believe and once I can take out one I
don't really worry so much about the
other one because right here he goes
right underneath the gargoyle and don't
want to rush it I'm going to go ahead
and get my opportunity right here and
string them out and very takedowns
tricky because if you do it you can get
people to walk over there and set them
up for a takedown later but if they see
you you're setting yourself up for an
easy death and the new thing for this
game is the ice thing that you get from
mr. freeze it's amazing for taking out
the last guy just to make sure you don't
mess up and accidentally die in the last
guy go ahead and throw it and freeze him
and you don't have to worry about him
hitting you afterwards okay we're going
to move on to the water tower where you
have to go and find Hugo Strange near
the end of the game this is a part that
I died on a couple of times I wasn't
sure what path to take and I didn't know
that Hugo Strange was in the center of
the map basically you look around in
random directions and point you out to
the enemies so you'll think that you're
safe because all the people in orange
didn't you see you but Hugo Strange can
point you out as well
he's the blue character that you see
right now so what you want to do is kind
of not go in the inside of the map until
you have to so you can go out here and
you can jump around on these gargoyles
and you have to be really patient when
you're doing these cut type of missions
as much as like I want to just get in
there and start taking people out I have
to slow myself down
make sure so you get prime opportunities
like this I didn't even know this was
going to happen I just fell down came
back up and this guy walked out and is
like okay
free takedown so I said I you really
want to set up for the ideal situations
don't force yourself into anything and
make sure you feel out a couple
different routes if you keep dying a few
times I tried going in
I went underneath the grades and popped
up and got a guy and I got found right
away so that route wasn't working if you
keep dying multiple times try new things
once I finally got to where you want to
be on the outside of the map and try to
control them and get them to come out to
you using a sonic Batarang is really
good you want to make sure you throw it
out really far because if they if you
throw it too close to yourself you can't
jump behind them so you want to make
sure you throw it out far enough to
where you have room to hop down and then
come up and sneak up behind them so here
I was hoping they would both go to it
but only one guy did but fortunately
what they do is they find your sonic
Batarang and they smash it it gives you
plenty of time to take out two guys
separately so here it is I haven't even
been close to being seen and I've got
three guys down I just got a couple left
so go ahead and I'm swinging around the
other side of the building so I can get
a better view and what I'm hoping for is
just somebody's walking around maybe
they found the guy that I dropped and I
can sneak up behind them so right now I
don't have anything good everyone's kind
of just random places so again I'm just
going to hop around the outside here I
see an opportunity where two people are
facing the same way and they're both
walking that direction
you can see the blue guy is Hugo Strange
he's facing the other way so I know I
won't be seen and I know it's a safe
time to take out two people
so then we've gone from six guys to or
seven guys to one now so here the only
thing that can happen is Hugo Strange
can see me and then one guy can try to
get me but I have multiple ways to get
out of it if I need to and I'm going to
go ahead and just freeze him and finish
the takedown
so if you have any more questions on
predator stuff please let me know and
I'll try to make another video but this
should get you into the hardest parts of
the game hopefully you enjoyed the
videos and good luck